Etano License
DateMill.com's Etano
	(c) 2007 DateMill.com
	All Rights Reserved.

This agreement serves as evidence of the mutual understanding governing the transfer and subsequent use of
DateMill.com's Etano.
Throughout this document ("licensee") refers to you-the individual who has purchased a license to use
DateMill.com's Etano; ("licensor") refers to the software owners granting permission to use
("software") in the below outlined capacity; and ("software"), ("program"), ("package") refers to
DateMill.com's Etano - the dating service engine of which this license grants usage.

The licensee, as an independent individual or as the responsible official of the firm, institution,
association, government agency, or other such group that has purchased the license, agrees to abide
by the conditions listed below.

- DateMill.com's Etano is furnished and is accepted and used by the recipient individual or
group entity with the express understanding that licensor makes no warranties, expressed or implied, concerning
the accuracy, completeness, reliability, usability, or suitability for any particular purpose of the information
or data contained in the software, or furnished in connection therewith, and licensor shall be under no liability
whatsoever to any such individual or group entity by reason of use thereof. No oral or written communication from
or information provided by licensor shall create such a warranty. While licensor makes every effort to deliver
high quality products, we do not guarantee that our products are free from defects. Our software is provided
'as is' and you use the software at your own risk.

- There will be no free operational support (including technical assistance) of software or documentation
transferred from licensor to licensee other than stated below:

Should the program fail to work at any time within 60  days of purchase without there having been any attempted
modifications in violation of the terms of use on the part of the licensee, or any known or unknown misuse or
intentional abuse by any member of or visitor to lincencee's website, licensee is entitled to free technical
support and/or a replacement.

- The licensee will not imply proprietary possession of this program.

- The licensee understands that the current program and all documents related thereto may be discontinued from
further support or maintenance by licensor at any time. When licensor supports or maintains an updated version
of the program and/or related document, NOT to include any separate programs available as add-ons to the core
application, the recipient can request the newest version. Licensor may notify recorded users of updates and
new products at licensor initiative, but such notifications are subject to budget and policy constraints.
Recipients are not afforded any sort of subscription service.

- Licensee will adhere to the additional terms of the license listed below:

Permission is herby granted licensee to:

- Install one (1) copy of the files included in this digital package on one (1) personal computer that is not
worldwide web accessible or accessible over any LAN (local area), WAN (wide area), or any other type of network
for the sole and express purpose of configuring the program files for use at the online dating service to be
powered by the software, and having local access to the files when needed.

- Install one (1) copy of the files included in this digital package on one (1) website server whether said
website server be locally or remotely hosted, for the sole and express purpose of using the program to power
one (1) online dating service on (1) single internet domain.

- Modify the program templates to suit desired style.

- Replace any graphics included in this package with licensee's own graphics.

- Remove any licensor proprietary information or links to licensor entities in the HTML documents included
in the package that will be visible to persons viewing pages on the website where the program is in use.

- Make one (1) backup copy on disc of the program for restoration purposes should the personal computer on
which the permitted copy of the program is stored crash or suffer an event that results in the loss of program
files on licensee's personal computer.

Permission is NOT granted licensee to:

- Install the program on more than one (1) personal computer or install more than one (1) copy of the program
on a single personal computer.

- Use the program to power more than one (1) website or internet domain.

- Use the program to power affiliate entities of the website where the program is intended for use.

- Install the program on more than (1) website server or internet domain or install more than one (1) copy of
the program on a single website server or internet domain.

- Modify and use the program to operate any other kind of service.

- Modify the program scripts other than as allowed under "Permission granted".

- Give copies of the program files to another individual. This license grants access to the program files to
the licensee alone. Licensee may not share copies of the program files with others.

- Redistribute the program in whole or part.

- Resell the program or any modified version of the program.

- Remove any licensor copyright or proprietary information from any files that are not viewable to persons
using licensee's website like, but not limited to, the copyright information within the script files.

- Use any graphics included in the program outside of the program.

- Use the program code in whole or part to build another program unless a file in the package specifically
states that you may reuse the code within that specific file. In the event you use a file that grants re-use
permission you MUST abide by the copyright terms outlined in that specific file.

DISCLAIMER
The licensor is NOT responsible for any program mal-function that may result from your attempted modifications.
Should the program fail to work as a result of your attempted modifications you may request technical support
and may be granted free technical support in answer to your request but free technical support is not an
entitlement under these circumstances and will be granted at the sole discretion of licensor.
By using this software you agree that you will not hold the licensor responsible for any accidental or
intentional misuse by individuals using your facility. Licensor will not be held responsible for any type of
damage or loss that may occur as a result of using this software, even if licensor has been advised of the
possibility of such damages. This includes but is not limited to the corruption, or loss of data on your host
server, loss of time, revenues or profits.
